<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="generate_customized_reports_with_the_spcr_tool">
    <title>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</title>
    <prolog>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2019"/>
            <copyrholder>International Business Machines Corporation 2001, 2019.</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2019"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="administrator" experiencelevel="general" job="installing"/>
            <prodinfo platform="windows">
                <prodname>IBM StoredIQ</prodname>
                <brand>IBM</brand>
                <featnum>5724M86</featnum>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to the page at <xref format="html"
                        href="http://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity/index.html"
                        scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a high-level report for supported operating systems, related software,
                    hypervisors, and supported translations for any product.</cmd>
                <info><note>The most commonly generated reports types are detailed system
                        requirements, hardware requirements, and end of service reports.</note>You
                    can also create an in-depth report to get detailed system requirements, hardware
                    requirements, and end of service information for each product.</info>
                <choicetable id="choicetable_v44_bqs_xjb">
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Detailed system requirements</choption>
                        <chdesc>When you select your product version for the detailed system
                            requirements report, you can set a report filter for
                                <uicontrol>Operating system platforms</uicontrol>,
                                <uicontrol>Product components</uicontrol>, and
                                <uicontrol>Capabilities</uicontrol>, including prerequisites and
                            support software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to
                            generate anytime or download it as a PDF.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Hardware requirements</choption>
                        <chdesc>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements
                            report, you can set a report filter by the <uicontrol>Operating system
                                families</uicontrol> option. Set the operating system filter by
                            selecting some or all of the operating systems that are supported by
                            your product. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to
                            generate anytime or download it as a PDF.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>End of service reports</choption>
                        <chdesc>The end of service report shows the service window of the products
                            that you specify over an eight year span. For example, you can find out
                            when your product is scheduled to go out of service.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                </choicetable>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Search for a product in all of the report types and reports are generated based
                    on your query values.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
