<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="dataserver___classic">
    <title>DataServer - Classic</title>
    <shortdesc>The general size limits for a data server are 150
        million objects or 500 defined volumes, whichever limit is reached first. Assuming an
        average object size of 200 KB equals about 30 TB of managed storage across 30 volumes of 5
        million objects each, the index storage requirement for metadata on ~30 TB of storage that
        contains uncompressed general office documents is ~330 GB (11 GB per TB). Add 100 GB per TB
        of managed storage for full-text or snippet index.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <example>To support 30 TB of storage that is indexed for metadata, you need 8 TB indexed for
            full-text search and extracted text (snippet cache) of 8 TB for auto-classification. A
            total of 1.9 TB of storage is required (metadata: 330 GB, full-text: 800 GB, snippet
            cache: 800 GB). Data-server performance is impacted by the IOPS available from the
            storage subsystem. For each data server under maximum workload, at least 650 IOPS
            generally delivers acceptable performance. In the situations where there is a high load
            on the system, the IOPS that is used can reach up to 7000 with main write
            operations.</example>
        <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_v4q_zkt_xjb" rowsep="1">
            <title>Technical specifications</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="newCol3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>vCPU</entry>
                        <entry>4</entry>
                        <entry>Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases performance, the
                            actual benefits depend on whether the specific host is oversubscribed or
                            not.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Memory</entry>
                        <entry>16 GB</entry>
                        <entry>While the minimum value works under light-load condition, as the load
                            increases, the data server quickly starts using swap space. For high
                            load situations, increasing RAM beyond 16 GB can benefit performance.
                            Monitoring swap usage can provide insight.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Primary disk storage (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0)</entry>
                        <entry>Default 150 GB</entry>
                        <entry>This virtual disk has an associated VMDK that contains the IBM
                            StoredIQ operating code. Do not change its size. <note>If you delete the
                                primary disk, you delete the operating system, and the IBM StoredIQ
                                software; the virtual machine might need to be
                                scrapped.</note></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Data disk storage (vmdisk2; SCSI 0:1)</entry>
                        <entry>Default 2 TB</entry>
                        <entry>This virtual disk can be resized according to expectations on the
                            amount of harvest data to be stored. For purposes of estimation, the
                            index storage requirement for metadata is about 30 GB per TB of managed
                            source data. Full-text indexing requires an extra 170 GB per TB.
                            Therefore, the default data disk size is targeted for managing 10 TB of
                            source information.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Swap disk storage (vmdisk3; SCSI 0:2)</entry>
                        <entry>Default 40 GB</entry>
                        <entry>When under load, the data server can use much RAM; therefore, having
                            ample swap space is prudent. The minimum swap size is equal to the
                            amount of RAM configured for the virtual machine. For best performance
                            under load, place this disk on the highest speed data store available to
                            the host.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </refbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="dataserver___classic_0.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</reference>
