<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="deploying_the_virtual_appliances">
    <title>Deploying the virtual appliances</title>
    <shortdesc> Use VMware vSphere Client to deploy the virtual appliances to an ESX
        server.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq> Ensure that all prerequisites for the deployment described in the planning section
            are met and that the required software packages are available on your local system
            before you start this task. Download the latest version of IBM StoredIQ from either IBM
            Fix Central or IBM Passport Advantage®. For information about the package names and part
            numbers and the links to the proper download locations, see the <xref format="html"
                href="http://www.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=ibm10886719" scope="external"
                >download document</xref>. </prereq>
        <context id="context_e3b_jm3_zjb">Deploy OVAs for the gateway, the data server, and the
            application stack, preferably in this order. If an Elasticsearch cluster is also being
            deployed, those OVAs must be deployed first. The number of Elasticsearch OVAs deployed
            depends on the planned size of your Elasticsearch cluster. The default setup is a
            three-node cluster. Each Elasticsearch node requires a separate OVA deployment. The
            number of data server OVAs deployed depends on the number of data servers needed. Each
            data server requires a separate OVA deployment. </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the ESX server or vCenter server. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open VMware vSphere Client.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Deploy OVF Template</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Deploy OVF Template</uicontrol> wizard, complete these
                    steps:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_otl_lj3_zjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select source</uicontrol> page, click
                                <uicontrol>Local File</uicontrol>, and then browse to and select the
                            appropriate OVF. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Review details</uicontrol> page, review the OVF
                            template details. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>These storage requirements are critical and will be used to select a
                                data store during deployment. </p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select name and folder</uicontrol> page, enter a
                            name for the deployed template or use the default name. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select a resource</uicontrol> page, select the
                            resource pool where the deployed OVF template runs. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Within the <uicontrol>Select storage</uicontrol> page, select a data
                            store on which to store the deployed OVF template files. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Disk Format</uicontrol> list, select the disk
                            format to be deployed. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                        <info>Note that although <uicontrol>Thin Provision</uicontrol> saves disk
                            space, it can negatively affect performance. If possible, select
                                <uicontrol>Thick Provision Lazy Zeroed</uicontrol>. </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Network Mapping</uicontrol>, map the network to
                            the appropriate network. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Ready to Complete</uicontrol> page, review the
                            deployment settings. Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to complete the
                            Deploy OVF Template.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>At this point, you can select the <uicontrol>Power
                                on</uicontrol> check box to turn on the VM after deployment is
                                complete.<note importance="high">
                                <p>If your IBM StoredIQ environment includes an Elasticsearch
                                    cluster, do not select this option when you're deploying the
                                    data server OVA. The Elasticsearch cluster setup must be
                                    complete before you run the data server first-boot process.</p>
                            </note></stepresult>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each OVA. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_e2s_5k3_zjb">Configure the components of your IBM StoredIQ environment
            in this order: <ol id="ol_b5m_vk3_zjb">
                <li>Elasticsearch cluster (if applicable) </li>
                <li>Gateway</li>
                <li> One or more data servers</li>
                <li>Application stack</li>
            </ol></postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
