<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="glossary">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="application_stack">
        <glossterm>Application stack</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ
            Administrator, IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ
            Policy Manager products. The synchronization feature for integration with a governance
            catalog is also part of the application stack.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="auto_classification">
        <glossterm>Auto-classification</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Automated document categorization, what IBM StoredIQ refers to as utoI
            classification models, integrates the IBM® Content Classification's classification model
            into the IBM StoredIQ infoset-generation process. Data Experts can use IBM Content
            Classification to train a classification model, which is then registered with IBM
            StoredIQ Administrator. The registered classification model can be applied to an
            existing infoset in IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to generate new metadata for the objects
            in the infoset. Metadata can be used in rule-based filters to create new
            infosets.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="cartridges">
        <glossterm>Cartridges</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic. When you add a
            cartridge to IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing
            and make these new insights searchable. For example, a sensitive pattern cartridge can
            enable IBM StoredIQ to detect passport numbers, phone numbers, and other IDs. To apply
            the analysis logic contained in the cartridge, you must run a Step-up Analytics action
            that uses the cartridge on an infoset. IBM StoredIQ examines all documents in the
            infoset, applies the analytics, and then stores the analysis results in the IBM StoredIQ
            index.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="connector_api_sdk">
        <glossterm>Connector API SDK</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a
            data source such as a network file system and access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ
            Connector API SDK, developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data
            sources outside the IBM StoredIQ development environment. These connectors can be
            integrated with a live IBM StoredIQ application to index, search, manage, and analyze
            data on the data source.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="data_servers">
        <glossterm>Data servers</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By
            indexing this data, you gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file
            data types, file owners. The data server pushes the information about volumes and
            indexes to the gateway so it can be communicated to the application stack. Multiple data
            servers feed into a single gateway. Data servers can be categorized in two types:
            DataServer - Classic and DataServer - Distributed. A data server of the type DataServer
            - Classic uses the embedded PostgreSQL database for storing the index. With a data
            server of the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
            cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in search queries.
            They can manage much larger amounts of data than data servers of the type DataServer -
            Classic, thus making the IBM StoredIQ deployments more scalable. You can have both types
            of data servers in your IBM StoredIQ deployment. In addition to completing standard
            administrative tasks, administrators can deploy the IBM StoredIQ Desktop Data Collector
            and index desktops from the data server.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dataserver_classic">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Classic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and DataServer
            - Distributed. DataServer - Classic refers to the regular data servers. It uses either
            the current PostgreSQL or Lucene index as an index.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dataserver_distributed">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Distributed</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The distributed data server uses an Elasticsearch cluster instead of an embedded
            Postgres database. It increases the scalability and flexibility of the IBM StoredIQ
            deployment in a way that it can manage much larger amounts of data. Without adding more
            data servers, data that is managed by the IBM StoredIQ deployment can be increased by
            adding new nodes to the Elasticsearch cluster. Search queries perform better on
            DataServer - Distributed. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="elasticsearch_cluster">
        <glossterm>Elasticsearch cluster</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Elasticsearch cluster attached to a data server of the type DataServer -
            Distributed provides a single data store for all metadata and content of harvested
            objects. Indexed data is distributed automatically across the nodes in the cluster.
            Indexing and queries are load-balanced across all nodes. Nodes can be added dynamically
            without downtime and the indexing process can use these newly added nodes without
            further setup.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gateway">
        <glossterm>Gateway</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The
            application stack polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers.
            The data servers push the information to the gateway.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ibm_storediq_insights">
        <glossterm>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p> IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with
                easy access to all metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for
                full-text indexed volumes. </p>
            <p> Faceted search lets you drill down to refine your search results as needed. In
                addition, you can apply any valid IBM StoredIQ filter query. Tags let you categorize
                the data for easier management. Visual representations of search results help you
                gain further insights into your data. Several chart types let you look at and
                explore data from different perspectives, thus helping you identify patterns and
                relationships very quickly. </p>
            <p> With IBM StoredIQ Insights, you can search data that is managed and indexed by a
                data server of the type DataServer - Distributed. In mixed deployments that have
                classic and distributed data servers, only the content from distributed data servers
                will be searchable. </p>
            <!-- insert img IBM_StoredIQ_Insights -->
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
